cops hate we're still a team
yours
why were they here they responded to a
robbery people gonna rob 660 pounds of
coke
do you drive a BMW door to the job did
you bring just one other guy with you
cause you only take 50 keys to see the
dumb lot
or set up
to shoot us automatic weapons
second was a talented killer
I refuse
to allow these families to be
traumatized with trials and appeals and
parole hearings I'm asking you to
protect them from that I understand
everything about these guys has been
confident so far
close the island for Island man had the
21 bridges and shut him down three
rivers closing four times yeah become
version of this but he's torn foul
none of this makes sense because it
wasn't us this whole thing is filthy is
going on here
consumer trying to see how
these cops live in the city that
actively dislikes them assume they still
protect with their lives I just need the
truck you go down this road you're on
your own
you do wrong dear say but he does not
bear the sword in pain the berries are
back on the wrongful cops or criminals
if you have blood on your heads
I will find you
[Music]
something to happens to you when you
leave this town far the way the easier
it all gets the me and I've left I
remember all of it
[Music]
[Applause]
to the losers we made an oath I swear if
it isn't dead if it ever comes back
we'll come back to you we didn't stop it
the cloud we can't let it happen again
[Music]
for 27 years
I dreamt of you
[Music]
I missed you
we need to finish it
[Music]
it consumes us from the inside until we
don't have a choice anymore
[Music]
last night I was standing there looking
at a monitor on one camera was Linda
Hamilton and on another camera was on
Schwarzenegger
I thought holy I'm making a
terminator movie chemistry captured that
tone
it's r-rated it's grim it's gritty it's
fast its intense look hard and play hard
and this is what this movie was all
about Jane has this fresh vision and
like what he did in Bedford his action
is it's just a fast white knuckle ride
you better watch your ass I hunt
terminators metal
but follows tonally in the footsteps so
t1 and t2 that adrenaline rush feeling
that sense of terror
the action is 10 times bigger it's like
holy holy holy
relentless it just does not stop
[Music]
just insect
30-plus years of service combat medals
citations only man to shoot down three
enemy planes and last 40 years yet you
can't get a promotion won't retire
despite your best efforts he refused to
die
you should be at least a two star
Admiral by now yet here you are captain
what is that it's one of life's
mysteries sir
[Music]
the end is inevitable maverick you kind
of set it for extinction
maybe so sorry but not today
how about a butterfly pink one maybe all
right I could do a unicorn a ladybug
baby kitten your boyfriend's name is so
little
[Applause]
[Music]
busy night tonight everybody in here
wants the same thing
[Applause]
[Music]
my name is Philo and I was born and
orphan of the book
but then the city's heartbeat like any
other fools fairies all manner of
creatures lived alongside assumes the
relative peace
until war changed everything lessees the
chance to defend my home your
opportunity to repay the city that
raised me
and that's when I met huh
she was my world until they came for us
I barely escaped
[Music]
and I wasn't alone when my way to go the
world's races fled to the burg where
city was changing a darkness was growing
we're once a peaceful city stood racial
animosity took hold and subjected the
creatures to animalistic cruelty they'll
never accept us
I vow to protect those that couldn't
protect themselves whatever it took
[Music]
something is coming
the darkness
you know
and the light
[Music]
for generations we thrived peacefully in
a land called
turn anak we are fond Tros centers and
the stewards of riches and secrets your
people will never know
we are faith and this was our land
until the empire's of man brought us the
chaos of war and then from the chasm of
hopelessness
studi brought me here is bad
[Music]
and just as quickly they took him from
me salient sutures tear Linux and I fled
my name is vignettes Tomas and I am
faith
this is not my land this is the Berk
where we rear their children toil
ourselves to the bones in their
factories scour away their messes we
feed their insatiable appetites
they call uh scratch and pix
they don't care if we live or die they
can blame us for their problems strip us
of our rights lock us up if they like
but our land is gone carnival Row is our
home now where darkness lurks
I'm the light
[Music]
who are you you know it's okay to be
scared
right you gonna tell me what this is all
about yes yes absolutely
[Music]
even kill before you kill again
let's see what you did there
there are things in the corners of this
world they don't drive you insane
a new generation has arisen from the day
[Music]
Aaron for now why it's the way it's
supposed to be
gentlemen there is a war raging right
now with the Magisterium between those
trying to keep ours in ignorance and
those willing to fight for truth and
freedom
who will stand with me it's kind of
heresy is of highest priority to the
Magisterium I need to know where he's
going and what he intends to achieve
John snake loose it's no place for a
child
no the Masters asked if I can find a
place for you and I want you as my
assistant you're an explorer too just
like my uncle I can teach you to wield
power but you must let me imagine we
believe there is an organization that is
stealing children and taking north
[Music]
I promise to do everything I could to
protect you from harm
this it's an LED orbit it is illegal
unless approved by the Magisterium tells
you the truth
she has to make a journey one which I'm
afraid includes a great betrayal
it's trying to warn me of something
I suspect it's trying to warn you
he scores me
[Music]
I can fly your questions should we be
asking you that we are not Magisterium
madam I would ask where I could obtain
services an armored bear Garrick burns
people need our help Yorick let's go
give
[Music]
it's time I know
Ethan I'm your friend and I want to help
you artificial intelligence has the
potential to become super intelligence
forget about killer robots with Austrian
accents forget about Hollywood this is
real if someone knew everything about
you who your friends were your family
how much you make how much you owe all
your secrets and they could use it
against you would you let them into your
life into your home of course not
problem is you already have thanks to
mr. LeBlanc special agents Hauser
welcome to this cyber crime task force
dr. Bernard wise was killed in a series
of cyber attacks he noticed this code I
wrote this code the kind that thinks
like an actual person I would never tell
you to do something wrong you talking to
an ear
iliza she's asking me stuff no eliza
doesn't ask questions she just answers
them I'm sorry I didn't understand the
question I think my company had
something to do with your friend's death
here to see my brother you're not
supposed to be in the building he thinks
your program may have become super
intelligent it's responsible for it
three people hello Paul LeBlanc up next
how can I help you I heard about the
bullies
I know how you can make them leave you
alone forever
I think you're trying to keep me from
seeing what you really are being hacked
all of our data is being erased give me
back my files
this thing doesn't want anybody to know
it exists this thing is the smartest
thing on the planet
[Music]
attention all passengers the temperature
outside is minus 119 degrees Celsius we
are six years nine months and 26 days
from departure for your personal safety
be prepared to brace
snowpiercer is all that's left of the
world
mr. Wilford runs our train based on
three principles are you for a second
work honor
and order fans each of us in our place
never forget who you are but telly
[Music]
read out a way to survive in the shadows
how about we leave this hell behind
there's an ideas travelling up train
home it needs just a spark you see when
you look at this train will see a
fortress class I take a balance of needs
speed and greed I see three thousand
souls surviving on the planet determined
to freeze all that enticed
we're so emotional crush every last
spark of this mutiny now
to do what I know is right
[Music]
once you pass through that door there's
no turning back when you look at every
little detail in the dark crystal those
things are the apex of somebody's art
there's a few people that know how we
did it the first time and we're so old
we don't remember everything is and
sculpted and painted just an amazing
amount of craftsmanship that you see
across the whole image the first thing
you're trying to do is live up to what
the film produced the next stage is then
to push it a lot further I think give
Hanson would have big delights in
puppetry
it's an art form in itself and that's
what you're watching I feel like the
week is really the right person to be
standing in my father's shoes you watch
the show and you forget what your
toughest
[Music]
your destiny calls to you
there are people believe that this world
is fairing it
they saw the lollipops and rainbows
we don't do lollipops and rainbows we
know those are pretty colors that just
hide what the world really is black and
white soon they'll shout save us
we convinced ourselves that they were
gone but they were just hibernating they
came for everybody
home please
coordinated simultaneous attacks at the
homes of Tulsa PD until the cops hide
their faces and now the bad guys don't
know where they live and who doesn't
want a secret identity
[Applause]
people who wear masks are dangerous we
should be scared of
because they're hiding something
Laurie Blake FBI you know you can tell
the difference between a masked cop and
a vigilante no me neither
there's a vast and insidious conspiracy
I play towards you
[Music]
who are you maybe yeah dr. Menon he
lives on Mars you curse too much
[Music]
oh
nothing
Jonah just forgot
[Music]
remember stories but witches she true
what they say
elves are the original sources of the
continent when humans and monsters
arrived else totally miss had to come
chaos into magic and the human slaughter
chaos is the most dangerous thing in
this world
without control chaos will kill you
so that's all like this to you monsters
are managed it's all it needs to me
something out there weights fee
this child will be extraordinary
Jennifer imagine the most powerful woman
in the world
do you have what it takes
you can't outrun destiny just because
you're terrified of it it's coming
I can't do this without you
no matter what you choose
you'll come out bloody
[Music]
someone's going to attack me
and I know that my memory is going to be
lost if you're watching this then I'm
afraid I failed you are still in danger
I've decided to give you a choice
two keys the red key opens a box with
everything you need to return to my old
life the blue key opens a box with new
identity I need to know who I am are we
expecting an American you didn't want to
read what's really going on here I don't
know my memory is a massive black hole
you work for a secret wing of British
intelligence they recruit people with
certain abilities
Linda Faria is your boss you're a
government asset and you need protection
you're a v8 you have extreme variant
abilities that are only possible at the
farthest reach of human biology this is
the quadruplet hive mind the shared
consciousness what happened between us I
know he said it was a mistake I don't
make mistakes
people in danger from all directions
even from yourself what did you want
from me to sell you at auction we
received intelligence EVs were
represented as works of art so report
surviving till you get our expert human
traffickers profiting in the sale of EVs
some turned a profit on loan others we
keep personal use I think I'm being
watched
what do they look like men that want to
kill me you've come at me three times
and three times you failed
please wait they played me
no I questioned everything not just him
but about myself as how help me connect
the dots off the radar why me why not
your own agency you have nothing to lose
I've got a client who wants to give you
a one-way ticket to England nassim is
capable of erasing memories they call
him a pure river
what is he clean you've always been an
idealist but you can't float above the
fray anymore you have to fight your
battles deep in the mud or lose by
default
[Music]
yeah
it's time I told you everything
you
[Music]